"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
"This morning Donald Trump was asked point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No
point blank if he supported the Post-9/11 G.I Bill and he said no For a candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs
candidate who talks a big game about helping veterans this is a rather astonishing statement As a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
a veteran myself I understand just how instrumental this legislation has been in ensuring that the brave men and women who serve our country have every opportunity to succeed when they finish their service Our vets simply cannot risk a president who doesnt understand their needs Furthermore Trump falsely attacked Hillary Clintons commitment to veterans baselessly claiming that she thinks the vets are getting too much That couldnt be further from the truth As a Senator Hillary Clinton repeatedly worked across the aisle to successfully expand veterans benefits And on this campaign she has laid out a comprehensive plan to enhance support for our veterans including a commitment to fight any efforts to the weaken the Post-9/11 G.I Bill Donald Trump should stop making false attacks stop offering empty rhetoric to our veterans and start offering them the respecting and support they deserve." ": On the military you raise an important issue We tried to get your campaign and the other campaigns to hold forth on whether or not they supported the current G.I bill As you know in the Congress they did this sneaky vote in the House where there was no roll call and they were going to cut money from the G.I bill to allow for other expenditures for vets The vets were very upset They said no dont take money from us and reallocate it Find the savings elsewhere." Do you support maintaining the G.I bill the way it is right now and even growing it instead of cutting it? ": I dont want to be hurting our vets Our vets have been hurt enough We treat illegal immigrants better than we treat our vets So Im going to do nothing to hurt our vets Im going to only help the vets --" : So is that a yes? -- ": -- unlike Hillary Clinton that thinks the vets are getting too much And theyre not getting too much Ive traveled Ive seen so many vets I know so many vets now and I have a lot of friends -- I have developed great friendships among the vets Our vets are being treated so badly --" : So is that a yes I do support the current G.I bill? : No I want to bring jobs back to our country *Rep Lieu is issuing this statement in his individual capacity; his views do not reflect the views of the U.S Government Department of Defense or any other agency
